
Marcus is one of the first on the plane to collect his wits. He quickly jumps out of his seat and rushes to the aid of the stewardess—who had been sitting by the left rear exit—attempting to open the rear escape hatch. She is having a _very_ hard time opening the hatch. She's trying to pull the red bar in towards her body (it is clearly labeled that it turns down). She knows she's supposed to be able to do this and is on the verge of losing mental control entirely.

```character
**Stewardess**

Black, smoothed-back hair, shorter than average.

_Extremely Confused_
```

Without hesitating, Marcus powers past her and muscles open the door.

> Overcome: 3 Physique + 3 = 6 (Fantastic) _Succeeds with Style_ +1 boost

The stewardess is unceremoniously knocked back into the galley and Marcus detaches and tosses out the door as if it were weightless. The emergency slide explosively deploys. Marcus steps back to the main aisle and roars loudly, "Everyone off the plane! Exit on the left, not on the right! If you are injured and unable to move, you will be helped!" He takes his time observing the scene as he stays out of the way of the aisle

> Create an Advantage: 0 Notice + 3 = 3 (Good) _Succeeds_ +1 free invocation on new aspect _The Nearest Exit May Be Behind You_

and sees that the exit doors over the left wing are not open yet. He realizes his exit is crucial, but that it's behind everyone and likely to go unnoticed. He tries to be a calming but directing influence.

> Overcome: 1 Rapport - 1  + 2 boost + 2 _The Nearest Exit May Be Behind You_ = 4 (Great) _Succeeds_

With a loud but clear and authoritative voice, Marcus urges everyone within range to come toward him and go down the slide. The rear of the plane clears much more quickly that it otherwise would have, given the widespread panic. He decides the next most useful thing he could do is help the stewardess recover from her shock so she can assist people going down the slide.

> Overcome: 1 Rapport - 3 = -2 (Terrible) _Fails_

Just coming out of a daze caused by minor head injuries, she interprets Marcus' attempts to help her off the floor as a second attack on her person and throws her arms in front of her face and screams repeatedly.

Slightly embarassed but in no mood to stop to consider it, Marcus takes advantage of her confusion, picks her up bodily, and tosses her out the door and down the slide

> Attack: 1 Fight + 1 + 2 _Extremely Confused_  = 4 (Great) _Succeeds with Style_ +1 boost, -1 fate point

The stewardess vertiably sails out the hatch and lands square in the middle of the slide.

----

Tabby never imagined that being seated in an emergency exit row would ever bear relevance, but now the universe has seen fit to provide her with an opportunity. She gathers her wits as best she can; during the chaos she bumped heads with the man in the white shirt and tie next to her. She feels a small trickle of warm blood at her temple, but her row-mate did not fair as well: he seems to be unconscious. Tabby sees that the duty of opening the emergency hatch has now fallen to her, and she's almost excited about it. But without even looking, the heat on the right side of her face communicates the intensity of the fire burning on the wing just outside. No one is getting out that way. Her head swivels to the left and she squints through the smoke.

> Overcome: 1 Notice + 0 = 1 (Fair) _Fails_

There are people and smoke around the port wing emergency exits, but Tabby knows she'll have to get closer to see any better. A primal instinct tells her it can't be worse than the fire. The only question is whether she's leaving her row with or without the unconscious passenger.

----

As the plane comes to a halt and black smoke engulfs the cabin, Sam quickly looks himself over to make sure nothing is broken. Other than a slight pain in his shin and some ringing in his ear, he seems to still be in one piece. He quickly undoes his seat belt and throws his only remaining wireless earbud to the floor—who knows where the other one went.

The woman to his left seems to be slowly coming to her senses—she'll be fine—and the man to his right is fumbling with his seat belt. Sam steps around him and stands in the aisle. As he opens the overhead bin and reaches for his trusty duffel bag, he looks around to see where the smoke is coming from and where he should head to.

Before he can get a good look, a very loud voice behind him screams, "NO LUGGAGE!!" and suddenly hands are on him.

```character
**Steward**

Black hair, thick build.

_My Mean Older Brother Growing Up Knew Jiu-jitsu_
```


> Defend: 0 Fight - 2 = -2 (Terrible) _Fails_

In blur of focused leverage and superior grip, Sam's bag is ripped out of his hands, his shoulders are wrenched around so he is forced to face forward, and a severe knee in the ass sends him stumbling through the first class curtain. The overhead compartment he had opened snaps shut behind him. "ABSOLUTELY NO LUGGAGE!! EXIT FORWARD!!"

----

Hal is rattled but level-headed and checks on his neighbors in the row. One is a kid flying alone the other is also a grandma with huge wireless headphones. She too seems pretty calm about the whole thing. The kid is scared. He unbuckles his lap belt and looks around for an exit through the smoke.

> Overcome: 3 Notice + 0 = 3 (Good) _Succeeds_

He sees a tall man moving powerfully to open the emergency exit back and to the left, smoke rushing out into the daylight, while the emergency exits forward and to the left are a tangled mass of people.

Hal steps out into the aisle, intending to blockade it for the old lady to step out. Frantic people are trying to get toward the back.

> Defend: 0 Fight - 1 = -1 (Poor) _Fails_

He finds himself rudely shoved back into his row. Hal grabs his backpack from under his seat and winks at the kid, "S'okay, I needed this anyway," hoping to exude confidence and calm her down.

> Overcome: 1 Rapport + 1 = 2 (Fair) _Tie_

The girl takes Hal's hand but also starts sobbing uncontrollably. The old lady hasn't said a word, but her body language declares that she's ready to pounce on a chance to get into that aisle. Hal leads the way a second time, with much greater success. It seems everyone who had noticed the rear exit is out already. Keeping their heads low, the three move quickly back. Hal doesn't let the girl think about the next part; he puts his other hand low on her back and push-pulls her forward until she's half running out the hatch, her wail doppler-shifting all the way down the slide. Two more blinks of an eye and he's out. Helpful passengers are grabbing people's hands and yanking them up as they land. He turns to see his sturdy row-mate perform a perfect legs-in-front cross-armed leap. She dusts off her skirt and stands with Hal's help and says, "Diving Team."

```character
**Old Lady**

Short, silver hair, pale skin.

_Just Like We Did Back In The Day_
```

----
