## I-40

> New Session!

> Unused boosts expire, stress clears, fate points refresh

> Situation: _Cruisin' in Cruisers_, _On a Mission From FEMA_

Sam had been searching through some cyber security forums for information about the tracker in his arm. He hasn't found anything definitive, but some rumors that the thing's battery won't last more than a few days, and that it may be possible to fry it with the right kind of EM pulse.

He stops his browsing and notes the address of their desination when he hears it, then pulls it up on a map.

"Tabby, Hal, did you guys get that?" Sam asks.

"Yes, we heard that."

"Follow us, I’ve got the route mapped out. Uhhh&hellip; Sam out and over&hellip; or, um, over and&hellip; whatever." He releases the talk switch, and says for Marcus' benefit, "Stupid radio babble."

Sam immediately feels better when he notices a certain switch on the dashboard. He looks over to Marcus and grins as he switches on the police lights.

Marcus opens his mouth to say something, but then closes it again, and just keeps driving.

In the other car, Hal is both driving and entertaining himself by providing unnecessary narration over the car's loudspeaker.

"CHANGING LANES. ON YOUR LEFT."

He stops and smiles to himself as he realizes that he recognizes the Sergeant: a minor league ball player who never got called up to majors but enjoyed a brief career as a baseball star in Japan. Gride, that was it, he thinks. Sergeant Jeromy Gride.

"JUNCTION WITH 540 IN 3 MILES."

Tabby doesn't react because she's absorbed in what she's just heard from Deputy Kendrick.

"So, let me get this straight: We're supposed to _kidnap_ this doctor if she doesn't come along with us? Hal, what the _fuck_ is going on?"

Hal shrugs with honest humility. "I'm not sure, but I think it might just be weird government speak. She probably didn't mean it exactly that way."

Tabby snorts, "Her answer to Marcus' question was pretty plain."

"It's not a kidnapping yet; we haven't plead our case."

"Look, I don't mean to overreact here, _but why aren't you overreacting to this_?"

Hal grins a little, embarassed, but instead of answering, gets back on the loudspeaker, "WATCH YOUR DRIFT THERE, COWBOY."

"Give me that!" Hal lets Tabby take the handset from him unconstested. "Umm, Car 2&hellip; or whatever&hellip; I need to know: we not seriously doing this, right? Did I miss something about laws and ethics? 'Aquire' her?"

"Sam here. We're only picking her up, why wouldn't she want to come? She apparently signed up for this, what with her having 'instructions in case of emergency' and all&hellip; Over. And, um&hellip; It's the middle of the night, and we're expecting her to be at her lab? Over again. Oh, um this was Sam again. Over-over."



Hal makes a quizzical expression in passing as a reaction to the preposition stew. "He makes a good point," he says to Tabby, "but will she even be there? Maybe a good chance just by virtue of it being a lifestyle job. But if she is not how do we find her? Also, what credential are we going to present to convince her of the legitimacy of our errand?" Tabby nods and relays these questions to the other car.

In "Car 2" Marcus gestures for Sam to pass back the handset. "If she's not there," he says into the radio, "then Sam can certainly find her address on the company intranet, and that would be our next stop. That being said, I feel our first stop should be a Wal-Mart. We need more gear than just what we were able to grab on our way off the airplane that crashed."

Marcus pauses for a moment clicks the talk switch again. "Car 1, we clearly still don’t have all the information. I completely understand that this is all off-putting. I need coffee and I think we all need more gear than we have right now. And a discussion of our next step couldn't hurt. Keep following us. Over." Marcus sets the handset in its cradle.

"Sam, see if you can’t find a Wal-Mart or it’s equivalent nearby off the highway. Thanks."

"Tabby and I agree. See if you can find one that is also near a Home Depot."

Sam says, "It’s the middle of the night, everything is closed," as he stabs and swipes at his tablet. "Or not. There's a Walmart in Clegg... and it's open 24/7. Get onto the 540 West coming up!"

"Sam here, Car 2. Theres a Walmart off 540 that's open. We’re heading there now. I’m all for grabbing some dry clothes but what do you guys need? Kidnapping supplies? Sam out. Errrrr, over."

"We're Car 1, and _your_ name is Sam," Hal responds, "Over."

"What? Dammit, I give up."

Sam starts searching the Internet for information about Dr. Kristine Griffin as they make their way to the Wal-Mart, and finds out she runs the Neurotoxicology Group at the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences. There are plenty of hits, but they're all very esoteric academic proceedings, citations, abstracts, and the like. Sam adds the search term "virus" and again finds plenty of hits, but doesn't understand them.

The party arrives at the Wal-Mart in short order and pulls into its expansive parking lot. Marcus parks quickly, choosing a distant, darker, empty portion of the lot. Hal parks next to him.

Tabby gets out and then makes room for Marcus who is right beside her. She says, "Looks like they've got a McDonald's in there. I think we should get coffees and sit and make a l—" She stops and looks down as something clatters to the pavement at her feet.

"Yeah, I could use one. Sounds good." Before he can ask what Tabby's looking at, two vehicles rattling with bass and blazing with after-market headlights swoop by, distracting him. When they pass, Marcus looks left and right to see if Sam and Hal are on board with the plan, but then the rear of the two vehicles stops, lays on its horn for a second, and reverses quickly. The one in front also stops, and a second later the driver gets the idea and also reverses.

A cocky-sounding male leaning out the high passenger side window of a 4x4 on large tires says, "You motherfuckers ain't no cops."

```character
? (Some Asshole in a Truck)

_Spoiling for a Fight_, _Rolling Deep_
```

Sam mumbles to himself: "Not again... I need a bloody drink."

Tabby stands back up from picking up the fallen object. No sees because they're all looking at the newcomers, but her hand tightens reflexively around her new acquisition: a police baton.

She's a little taken aback by what is clearly impolite behavior from strangers and remains silent as she studies the men in the truck from the rear. The newfound baton in her hand subconsciously gives her a sense of security and ease, but with everything else she's been through today it is an effort not to let her emotions boil over. She impulsively glances to Marcus assuming that he will attempt to diffuse the situation, but she's on alert.

Hal’s first impulse is to say something ill-advised into the loudspeaker. He represses the urge with a grimace, but is at a loss at how to respond, since pretending to not hear does not seem an option.

The Head Asshole opens the passenger side truck door and steps down. He's got a leather vest on with no shirt beneath, with emblems and patches on it. Two men also get out of the car in front, an Escalade, and walk back to the truck. They're also wearing black leather vests.

"Wha'd'ya figure, Kay?" says one of the men from the Escalade.

"Seems to me we've got outlaws on our hands." He leans back toward the truck, kocking on the window, and says, "Hey, you fuckers get out here." Addressing the party, Kay says, "You kiddies all go on now, we'll make sure these rides you stole get into the right hands. Heh."

As he finished talking, a total of four other men have joined him. They're generally mean looking, and two are fairly overweight.

> Asshole Overcome: 2 Provoke + 0 roll + 2 _Rolling Deep_ = 4 (Great), -1 fate point

> Hal Defend: 4 Will - 2 roll = 2 (Fair) _Fails_

> Tabby Defend: 2 Will + 2 roll =  4 (Great) _Ties_

> Marcus employs stunt _Shield of Reason_. Defend: 4 Lore + 3 roll = 7 (Epic) _Succeeds With Style_ gains boost _Ice Cold_

> Sam Defend: 1 Will + 1 roll = 2 (Fair) _Fails_

> Hal and Sam are intimidated and decide they don't to mess with these guys. Marcus is more than unphased. Tabby is only shaken, but grants the Asshole a boost: _Easy Targets_

"Kay was it?" Marc asks as he very visibly bounces the keys in his hands few times then tosses them on the drivers seat of the squad, "all yours. I've no beef with you boys. I'm heading to that McDonalds for some coffee." Turning to the others as he starts to walk towards the McDonalds, "you three coming with?" His manner is tired, dismissive of the gang by the truck, and way above it all. Kay and those around him unconsciously shift their bodies to make way for him in deference; they won't be giving Marcus any more shit.

Sam was busy putting his tablet back in his bag and was just opening his door when the men got out of the trucks. Before getting out, he leans back in and switches on the mic. "Hello, Deputy Kendrick? Sam here. I think we're gonna need backup at the Walmart in Clegg, off 540. Make it quick or you might be missing 2 squad cards." He leaves the mic on and gets out of the car with his bag, walking behind Marcus.

Hal avoids eye contact but starts getting out of the car as if to follow Marcus and Sam.

Tabby is visibly confused by Marcus's response. "Yeah but&hellip; how will we&hellip;" she says as Marcus walks off. Tabby shakes it off and addresses Kay.

"I appreciate your sense of honor and civic loyalty, sir, but we're on official government business and we have the authority to use these vehicles."

> Tabby Overcome: 1 Rapport + 1 roll + 2 _On A Mission From FEMA_ = 4 (Great) _Succeeds_ -1 fate point

> Kay passive Defend: 0 Empathy + 2 boost _Easy Targets_ = 2 (Fair) _Fails_ boost expires

> Kay and his gang believe Tabby that the party has official sanction.

"Fuck you are," says one of the men.

"Bullshit," says Kay, at the same moment, but his face shows that he's unsure.

"Don't matter none, Kay. You know nobody be showin' up."

Sam stops walking and turns back, surprised to see that Tabby has these guys at least partially convinced.

“Come along Tabby,” Marcus yells as he continues walking, “the feds will clean up these guys in the morning. We’ve things to do and there’s nothing back there we need.”

Hal does a quadruple take between Tabby and Marcus then turns purple with silent fury.

"Did you get checked for a concussion after the plane crash Marcus?" Tabby yells back in confusion, "We've got no business in that McDonald's other than _your_ coffee and we absolutely completely do need these cars!"

Hal kicks his keys under the car, puts on his pack, and starts to walk toward the road, giving every impression of heading for the hills. Suddenly he stops, turns back, on hands and knees gets the car keys back, gets in, and blasts over the loud speaker, "Marcus, can you grab me a 16 ounce coffee and an apple pie thanks." Then he flicks on the lights and the siren. Everyone winces a bit at the harsh light and noise.

Marcus pauses without turning around, shakes his head a little, but keeps walking.

When Kay's gang see this, they subtly shift posture forward, toward the remaining party of three.

"FEMA or the fairy fucking godmother, they ain't helpin' you all." Kay starts forward, shoulders tight and hands at waist level.

Sam speaks up, "God dammit. Our fucking plane just crashed!" This is enough to make everyone stop and look at him. "There's some kind of god-forsaken virus going around and for some reason we weren't affected. The whole god-damned airport's been quarantined. I'd stay the fuck away if I were you!"

> Sam Overcome: 4 Deceive + 0 roll = 4 (Great) _Succeeds_

> Kay passive Defend: 0 Empathy = 0 (Mediocre) _Fails_

> Kay and his gang are convinced that the party is infected with something dangerous.

Hal sees this having an effect on the interlopers and gets with the tactic. In a dramatically exasperated tone—still over the loud speaker—he says, “Kay, hhhhhuuuuhhh you would not believe the day we have had.”

Everyone in Kay's gang rolls back on their heels and puts their palms forward. "You all sick with something? Aw hell, no," says one of the fat ones.

Hal sneezes loudly directly into loud speaker.

"Sweet as it'd be to roll in them cruisers, I don't need no virus. Let's get." The fat man adds, and the men from the Escalade nod and start walk off, to Kay's frustration.

Hal get his phone out and starts shooting pictures. No one see him because they're blinded by the cruiser's flashing lights.

"Fuck!" Kay adds, eloquently. "You all some weak shit," he says to his crew. "And y'all just&hellip; strange. Whatever. Fuck it." They all get back in their truck and thump off.

Hal turns off the whooping siren and Sam and Tabby visibly relax.

Sam reaches back into the car and speaks into the radio mic, "Sam here, never mind the backup, we're fine. Over." He grabs the keys in the driver seat and locks the doors.

Sam asks Tabby and Hal, "You guys alright?"

Tabby ungrits her teeth, and relaxes what had been a white-knuckle grip on the police baton. "I'm good," she scoffs at the retreating gang. "With the day I've had&hellip; Well, it was a bad night to be a bully."

The three look over in Marcus' direction and see him stopped not far away, watching the departure of the gang. Not out of reach should something really have gone down, but still not at conversational distance.

"Fuck, I could use that coffee now," Tabby says.

"Alright, let's all go get some coffee, food and some time to think a little." Sam starts walking towards the McDonalds-Walmart. Hal locks up his car and he and Tabby follow, with Hal commenting, calmly but with unguarded annoyance in his voice, “what’s _his_ deal?”

Sam, replies, "Eh, tough night. I wouldn't judge anyone after everything that's happened." As they approach Marcus, Sam says to him, "Marcus, were you really gonna let 'em pick a fight with us?"

Marcus shrugs, "I just really didn't expect the situation to require any violence."

Hal opens his mouth to speak a few times but stops himself each time. Finally he takes a breath and says, “That could have gone a hell of a lot worse. Not sure what you had in mind there, but next time, you mind including us in your grand designs?”

"My 'grand design' was to get away from those shits, and I tried to say as much. I get that you feel like I was doing something risky, but from my perspective I was trying to get us all _out_ of danger. Jesus, I'm not even sure what we're all _doing_ here&hellip; but look, you can trust that I'm going to worry more about keeping people safe than a couple of cars. Even if we don't agree, you should know that's where my priorities are."

The group walks into the store without further discussion, all deciding words would be better spoken with less adrenaline and more caffeine.

Once they get through the main door, Sam says "Well, grab me large coffee and a big mac? I'll be there in a second." He turns down an aisle and vanishes into the larger Walmart.

Hal indulges in coffee and a chicken sandwich, gets Sam’s order and an apple pie for later. Tammy orders two happy meals and also a coffee. She sweet-talks the kid behind the counter into giving her six creams. Marcus just orders a coffee.

Hal is the last to scoop up his orders and joins the reluctant gang. He sighs and asks them, "What d'you guys think about all this? Do we think we need to prepare for scarcity and—" Marcus and Tabby simultaneously frown and shush him. Hal turns red and lowers his voice. "—and infrastructure failure or just a road trip? Do we need water, fuel, days worth of food?"

Marcus and Tabby look down at their coffees and clearly don't want to talk just yet. Hal starts thumbing a shopping list into his phone: batteries of all kinds including two car batteries; an extra set of jumper cables; a fuel canister. He types reluctantly then erases "shotgun" and replaces with "crowbar." Speaker wire; sundry items from the hardware section; bottle(s) Johnny Walker Black; Little Debby oatmeal creek pies.

Sam finds the group at the table and sits down next to Hal. He's wearing some new clothes: dark jeans, a red long-sleeve t-shirt and a generic grey sweatshirt. He grabs the coffee that no one seems to have touched yet, "This one for me?" The others nod.

He pops off the lid and discreetly pulls a small bottle of Bailey's out of his sweatshirt pocket. "Anyone want some?" he asks as he pours some into his coffee, "I hear it works wonders for calming your nerves after a plane crash!" Sam isn't put out when no one grins or otherwise reacts to his sarcasm.

Sam leans over and looks at Hal's phone. "A crowbar? A fuel canister? What do you think we've gotten ourselves into? I thought we were just going to pick up this scientist lady and bring her to wherever Kendricks wants her to be."

”Wellll I mean I don’t know that things are about to become all Mad Max or anything, but I don't know that they're not, either&hellip; anybody know where we can get our hands on some krugerrands?”

"What's a krugerrand?" Marcus asks.

”In seriousness, do you think we need to prepare for and be equipped to deal in, you know," Hal looks around, puts hand down on table out of view of other patrons and makes a finger gun, then finishes in hushed voice, "deadly force.”

Sam replies, “Jesus, I hope not&hellip; One close encounter with death per night is more than enough for me. Anyway, we’re basically just playing Uber at this point it seems. I mean, I’m all for being prepared but&hellip; This doesn’t seem like that kind of crisis. Unless you think,” Sam lowers his voice, “it was a terrorist attack or something?”

Before anyone can answer, someone announces through the PA system, "We apologize for the inconvenience, shoppers, but we will be closing in 15 minutes. Please bring your items to checkout. Thank you."

Tabby says, "Sam, I thought you said this was a 24-hour place."

"I did. It is. I mean, it's supposed to be?"
